{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green177\blue50;\red134\green205\blue77;\red163\green217\blue121;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww5720\viewh13820\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 - p 8: do not label states good or bad.\
- p 9: revelation of stet of the world not used in model -> take this feature out.\
- p 10: threshold is not fixed to 1/2 but 1.\
- p 10: specify what we do in equal weighting scenario if no neighbours\cf0 \
\cf2 - p 13: what is meant by f0 = m*f1, ok just some assumption\cf0 \
\cf3 p 16: still 1000 simulations, not 2000, correct?\
- check number of simulations? -> should be 20x1000\
- p 17: in this paper we are not considering contagion in network formation, i.e. assume independence of agents action -> this is an important simplifying assumption, so we are not really considering externalities here\
- p 18: add state conditionality in Eq. 16, maybe use different letter for function instead of f\
- mention somewhere that our focus is on the informational value of interbank loans\
- p19: where to put it? should probably go in front into exogenous section\
- p 19: notation in Eq. 18 not consistent with Eq. 16\
- p 19: some more detail when explaining that q3 is unstable\
\cf4 - p 20 Q is simply given by\
- p 21 Eq. 22 B -> K\cf0 \
\cf3 - p 23 after Eq 27: costs of agents are not necessarily equal\
- p 23: Eq. 27 index of utility is wrong\
- p 23: could clarify last step of algorithm\cf0 \
\cf4 - caption fig. 4: dynamical system\
- cation fig. 5: ensemble of n = 1000 endogenously\
- p 40: has been derived (also occurs twice in text), justify how we compute the distribution of the private belief\
- p 41: fig 10 only illustrates the private belief distribution, not prob of choosing correct action\
- p 42 becomes more skewed, remove towards zero\
\
\cf0 - I don\'92t understand the comment linking higher variance to higher correlation\
- not sure what the different stages of the model are}